Pulse docs (#3684)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/pulse.rst

                -0.03528605+0.j        , -0.14115842+0.j        ]],      dtype=complex64)

The parameters can be updated by calling the :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` again with different inputs.

Additional options with regards to how the matrix is calculated can be passed to the :class:`.ParametrizedEvolution`
along with the parameters, as keyword arguments:

.. code-block:: python

    qml.evolve(H)(params=[1.2], t=[0, 4], atol=1e-6, mxstep=1)

These options are:

- ``atol (float, optional)``: Absolute error tolerance
- ``rtol (float, optional)``: Relative error tolerance
- ``mxstep (int, optional)``: maximum number of steps to take for each time point
- ``hmax (float, optional)``: maximum step size

If not specified, they will default to predetermined values. See :class:`.ParametrizedEvolution` for details.

Using qml.evolve in a QNode
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` can be implemented in a QNode. To look at an example of this,
let's start with two instances of :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`:

.. code-block:: python

    ops = [qml.PauliX(0), qml.PauliY(1), qml.PauliZ(2)]
    coeffs = [qml.pulse.constant for _ in range(3)]

>     H1 = qml.ops.dot(coeffs, ops)  # time-independent parametrized hamiltonian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    H1 = qml.dot(coeffs, ops)  # time-independent parametrized hamiltonian
```

.. code-block:: python

    ops = [qml.PauliZ(0), qml.PauliY(1), qml.PauliX(2)]
    coeffs = [lambda p, t: p * jnp.sin(t) for _ in range(3)]

>     H2 = qml.ops.dot(coeffs, ops) # time-dependent parametrized hamiltonian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    H2 = qml.dot(coeffs, ops) # time-dependent parametrized hamiltonian
```

                -0.03528605+0.j        , -0.14115842+0.j        ]],      dtype=complex64)

The parameters can be updated by calling the :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` again with different inputs.

Additional options with regards to how the matrix is calculated can be passed to the :class:`.ParametrizedEvolution`
along with the parameters, as keyword arguments:

.. code-block:: python

    qml.evolve(H)(params=[1.2], t=[0, 4], atol=1e-6, mxstep=1)

These options are:

- ``atol (float, optional)``: Absolute error tolerance
- ``rtol (float, optional)``: Relative error tolerance
- ``mxstep (int, optional)``: maximum number of steps to take for each time point
- ``hmax (float, optional)``: maximum step size

If not specified, they will default to predetermined values. See :class:`.ParametrizedEvolution` for details.

Using qml.evolve in a QNode
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` can be implemented in the QNode in the same way as any other
PennyLane :class:`~.Operator`.

To look at an example of this, let's start with two instances of :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`:

.. code-block:: python

    ops = [qml.PauliX(0), qml.PauliY(1), qml.PauliZ(2)]

>     coeffs = [lambda p, t: p for _ in range(3)]

Reviewer: Let's use `qml.pulse.constant` here

.. _intro_ref_pulse:

Pulse control
=============

Pulse control is used in a variety of quantum systems for low-level control of quantum operations. A
time-dependent electromagnetic field tuned to the characteristic energies is applied,
leading to a time-dependent Hamiltonian interaction :math:`H(t)`. We call driving the system with such an
electromagnetic field for a fixed time window a *pulse sequence*. These pulse sequences can then be tuned to
implement the higher level gates used for quantum computation.

The :mod:`~.pulse` module provides functions and classes used to simulate pulse-level control of quantum
systems. It contains a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` class, which can be used to define the time-dependent
Hamiltonian describing the interaction between the applied pulses and the system. The
:class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` can be used to create a :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution`
(:class:`~.Operation`) that provides the time evolution of the Hamiltonian. The :mod:`~.pulse` module also
includes several convenience functions for defining pulse envelopes.

The :mod:`~.pulse` module relies on the external package `JAX <https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, which

> requires separate installation. The module is written for ``jax`` and will not work with the other machine learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires separate installation. The module is written for ``jax`` and will not work with other machine learning
```

frameworks typically encountered in PennyLane.

Creating a parametrized Hamiltonian
-----------------------------------

The :mod:`~.pulse` module provides a framework to create a time-dependent Hamiltonian of the form

.. math:: H(p, t) = H_\text{drift} + \sum_j f_j(p, t) H_j

with constant operators :math:`H_j` and scalar functions :math:`f_j(p, t)` that may depend on
parameters :math:`p` and time :math:`t`.

.. note::
    The :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` is not a PennyLane :class:`~.Operator`. If an :class:`~.Operator`
    representing the :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` is needed, the initialized :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`

>     must be called with fixed parameters and time.

Author: This is stated further down, so I'll just remove the note!

Defining a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` requires coefficients and operators. In the example below, we define a
Hamiltonian with a single drift term, and two parametrized terms.

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    from jax import numpy as jnp

    # defining the coefficients fj(v, t) for the two parametrized terms
    f1 = lambda p, t: p * jnp.sin(t) * (t - 1)
    f2 = lambda p, t: p[0] * jnp.cos(p[1]* t ** 2)

    # defining the operations for the three terms in the Hamiltonian
    XX = qml.PauliX(0) @ qml.PauliX(1)
    YY = qml.PauliY(0) @ qml.PauliY(1)
    ZZ = qml.PauliZ(0) @ qml.PauliZ(1)

The functions defining the parameterized coefficients must have the call signature ``(p, t)``, where ``p`` can be a float,
list or jnp.array. These functions should be defined using ``jax.numpy`` rather than ``numpy`` where relevant.

> There are two way to construct a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` from the coefficients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to construct a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` from the coefficients
```

and operators:

.. code-block:: python

    # Option 1
    H1 =  2 * XX + f1 * YY + f2 * ZZ

    # Option 2
    coeffs = [2, f1, f2]
    ops = [XX, YY, ZZ]

>     H2 =  qml.ops.dot(coeffs, ops)

Reviewer: We will use `qml.dot` when deprecating `qml.collections.dot`. Either we change it now, or we set a reminder to change it before the release

```suggestion
    H2 =  qml.dot(coeffs, ops)
```

    possible to define ``coeffs = [lambda p, t: p * t**i for i in range(3)]`` to create a list
    ``coeffs = [(lambda p, t: p), (lambda p, t: p * t), (lambda p, t: p * t**2)]``. The value of ``i`` when
    creating the lambda functions is set to be the final value in the iteration, such that this will
    produce ``coeffs = [(lambda p, t: p * t**2)] * 3``.

The :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` is a callable, and can return an :class:`~.Operator` if passed a set of
parameters and a time at which to evaluate the coefficients :math:`f_j`.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> H1
    ParametrizedHamiltonian: terms=3
    >>> params = [1.2, [2.3, 3.4]]  # f1 takes a single parameter, f2 takes 2
    >>> H1(params, t=0.5)
    (2*(PauliX(wires=[0]) @ PauliX(wires=[1]))) + ((-0.2876553535461426*(PauliY(wires=[0]) @ PauliY(wires=[1]))) + (1.5179612636566162*(PauliZ(wires=[0]) @ PauliZ(wires=[1]))))
    >>> qml.equal(H1(params, t=0.5), H2(params, t=0.5))
    True

.. warning::
    Order matters here. When initializing the :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`, terms defined with fixed coefficients

>     should come before parametrized terms to prevent discrepancy in the wire order. When passing parameters, ensure

Author: Changed it to "have to". I'm not sure how relevant mentioning wire order is here. Other opinions?

>     should come before parametrized terms to prevent discrepancy in the wire order. When passing parameters, ensure

Reviewer 2: After re-reading it, it seems totally fine to leave as is :see_no_evil:

    that the order of the coefficient functions and the order of the parameters match.

Convenience functions for building a ParametrizedHamiltonian
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The convenience functions currently available in PennyLane to assist in creating coefficients functions
for a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` are:

:html:`<div class="summary-table">`

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    ~pennylane.pulse.constant
    ~pennylane.pulse.pwc
    ~pennylane.pulse.pwc_from_function
    ~pennylane.pulse.rect

:html:`</div>`

Further examples
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A few additional examples of defining a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` are provided here.

Using ``rect`` to create a parametrized coefficient that has a value of 0 outside the time interval
:math:`t=(1, 7)`, and within the interval is defined by ``jnp.polyval(p, t)``:

.. code-block:: python

    from pennylane.pulse.convenience_functions import rect

    def f(p, t):
        return jnp.polyval(p, t)
    H = qml.pulse.rect(f1, windows=[(1, 7)]) * qml.PauliX(0)

    # inside the window

>     H([3], t=2)
>     >>> 2.7278921604156494*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

Reviewer 2: Is this a standard formatting with the `>>>` on the output lines instead of the input lines? I only know it the other way around (like you used further up):
```suggestion
    >>> H([3], t=2)
    2.7278921604156494*(PauliX(wires=[0]))
```

Author: I don't think so 😆

    f1 = pwc(timespan=(2, 7))  # TODO: maybe this should be renamed window for uniformity?
    H = f1 * qml.PauliX(0)

    # passing pwc((2, 7)) an array evenly distributes the array values in the interval t=2 to t=7
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=2.3)
    >>> 1.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

    # different time, same bin, same result
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=2.5)
    >>> 1.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

    # next bin
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=3.1)
    >>> 2.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

    # outside the window where the function is assigned non-zero values
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=8)
    >>> 0.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

ParametrizedEvolution
---------------------
During a pulse sequence spanning time :math:`(t_0, t_1)`, the state evolves according to the time-dependent Schrodinger equation

.. math:: \frac{\partial}{\partial t} |\psi\rangle = -i H(t) |\psi\rangle

realizing a unitary evolution :math:`U(t_0, t_1)` of the input state, i.e.

.. math:: |\psi(t_1)\rangle = U(t_0, t_1) |\psi(t_0)\rangle

A :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` is this solution :math:`U(t_0, t_1)` to the time-dependent
Schrodinger equation for a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`.

> Creation of the :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` uses an a numerical ordinary differential equation
> solver (`here <https://github.com/google/jax/blob/main/jax/experimental/ode.py>`_). The :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution`
> can be found using the :func:`~qml.evolve` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` class uses a numerical ordinary differential equation
solver (`here <https://github.com/google/jax/blob/main/jax/experimental/ode.py>`_). It
can be created using the :func:`~qml.evolve` function:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from jax import numpy as jnp

    f1 = lambda p, t: p * jnp.sin(t) * (t - 1)
    H = 2 * qml.PauliX(0) + f1 * qml.PauliY(1)
    ev = qml.evolve(H)
    ev
    >>> ParametrizedEvolution(wires=[0, 1])

The initial :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` does not have parameters defined, and so will

> not have a defined matrix. To complete initialization of the :class:`~.Operator`, it must be passed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not have a matrix defined. In order to obtain an :class:`~.Operator`, it must be passed
```

parameters and a time interval:

.. code-block:: python

    ev([1.2], t=[0, 4]).matrix()
    >>> Array([[-0.14115842+0.j        ,  0.03528605+0.j        ,
                 0.        -0.95982337j,  0.        +0.23993255j],
               [-0.03528605+0.j        , -0.14115842+0.j        ,
                 0.        -0.23993255j,  0.        -0.95982337j],
               [ 0.        -0.95982337j,  0.        +0.23993255j,
                -0.14115842+0.j        ,  0.03528605+0.j        ],
               [ 0.        -0.23993255j,  0.        -0.95982337j,
                -0.03528605+0.j        , -0.14115842+0.j        ]],      dtype=complex64)

The parameters can be updated by calling the :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` again with different inputs.

Additional options with regards to how the matrix is calculated can be passed to the :class:`.ParametrizedEvolution`
along with the parameters, as keyword arguments:

.. code-block:: python

>     qml.evolve(H)(params=[1.2], t=[0, 4], atol=1e-6, mxstep=1)

Reviewer 2: Is `mxstep` JAX lingo? seems weird to me to skip the "a"...

Author: Yes, I don't know why they did that, but they did

These options are:

> - `atol (float, optional)`: Absolute error tolerance
> - `rtol (float, optional)`: Relative error tolerance
> - `mxstep (int, optional)`: maximum number of steps to take for each time point
> - `hmax (float, optional)`: maximum step size allowed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``atol (float, optional)``: Absolute error tolerance
- ``rtol (float, optional)``: Relative error tolerance
- ``mxstep (int, optional)``: maximum number of steps to take for each time point
- ``hmax (float, optional)``: maximum step size
```

If not specified, they will default to predetermined values. See :class:`.ParametrizedEvolution` for details.

Using qml.evolve in a QNode
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` can be implemented in the QNode in the same way as any other
> PennyLane :class:`~.Operator`.

Reviewer 2: If it were to be "in the same way as any other Operator", I would expect that `qml.evolve` is called _outside_ of the QNode and just the evolutor is called within the QNode, like `RX` or so.
I think that breaks JITting, though...
```suggestion
The :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` can be implemented in a QNode in the same way as any other
PennyLane :class:`~.Operator`.
```

Author: Rephrased :)

To look at an example of this, let's start with two instances of :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`:

.. code-block:: python

    ops = [qml.PauliX(0), qml.PauliY(1), qml.PauliZ(2)]
    coeffs = [lambda p, t: p for _ in range(3)]
    H1 = qml.ops.dot(coeffs, ops)  # time-independent parametrized hamiltonian

.. code-block:: python

    ops = [qml.PauliZ(0), qml.PauliY(1), qml.PauliX(2)]
    coeffs = [lambda p, t: p * jnp.sin(t) for _ in range(3)]
    H2 = qml.ops.dot(coeffs, ops) # time-dependent parametrized hamiltonian

Now we can execute the evolution of these Hamiltonians applied simultaneously:

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=3)
    @qml.qnode(dev, interface="jax")
    def circuit(params):

>         qml.evolve(H1 + H2)(params, t=[0, 10])

Reviewer 2: Wait what? :exploding_head: I wasn't aware we can simply add `ParametrizedHamiltonian` instances! That's cool!
The order of the passed parameters is just the order of addition?
Maybe this deserves a comment, both because it is a very cool feature, and because there might be tiny gotchas?

Author: Yes, if `H1` has params `[1, 2, 3]` and `H2` has params `[4, [5, 6]]`, then `H1+H2` would take params `[1, 2, 3, 4, [5, 6]]` (and `H2 + H1` would take `[4, [5, 6], 1, 2, 3]`). I'll add a comment on this.

The only gotcha I can come up with is that the resulting wire order for `H1+H2` might not match people's expectations if H1 and H2 contain both fixed and parametrized terms (it behaves as if the fixed terms are moved to be together at the beginning, i.e. `fixed1+fixed2+parametrized1+parametrized2`  instead of `fixed1+parametrized1+fixed2+parametrized2`, and then gets the wire order from that). That might be too specific/niche to comment on here?

Reviewer 2: Oh, that is a gotcha indeed :sweat_smile: I'm not sure where we should put this information, but it seems like a useful information if one wants to make use of this blackboardstyle notation...

        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0) @ qml.PauliZ(1) @ qml.PauliZ(2))

    params = jnp.array([1., 2., 3., 4., 5., 6.])
    circuit(params)
    >>> Array(-0.78236955, dtype=float32)

.. warning::
    In this example, it is important that ``H1`` and ``H2`` are included in the same ``qml.evolve`` operation.
    For non-commuting operations, applying ``qml.evolve(H1)(params, t=[0, 10])`` followed by
    ``qml.evolve(H2)(params, t=[0, 10])`` will NOT apply the two pulses simultaneously, despite the overlapping
    time window. Instead, it will execute ``H1`` in the ``[0, 10]`` time window, and then subsequently execute
    ``H2`` using the same time window to calculate the evolution, but without taking into account how the time

>     evolution of ``H1`` affects the evolution of ``H2`` and vice versa.

Reviewer 2: Very nice, and important! Maybe the first sentence could state that it is important not for technical reasons but that it is important in order to really implement the simultaneous evolution.
I.e. the sequence of `qml.evolve(H1)` and `qml.evolve(H2)` also is valid, it's just physically not what we wanted to implement in this example...

Author: I rephrased the beginning a bit, let me know what you think!

Reviewer 2: It's very clear now, thanks a lot! :)

We can also compute the gradient of this evolution with respect to the input parameters:

.. code-block:: python

    jax.grad(circuit)(params)
    >>> Array([-4.8066125,  3.7038102, -1.3294725, -2.4061902,  0.6811545,

>         -0.5226515], dtype=float32)

Reviewer 2: :100:

Hamiltonian describing the interaction between the applied pulses and the system. A
:class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` instance can be used to create a :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution`
(an :class:`~.Operation`) that provides the time evolution under the Hamiltonian. The :mod:`~.pulse` module also
includes several convenience functions for defining pulse envelopes.

The :mod:`~.pulse` module relies on the external package `JAX <https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_, which
requires separate installation. The module is written for ``jax`` and will not work with other machine learning
frameworks typically encountered in PennyLane.

Creating a parametrized Hamiltonian
-----------------------------------

The :mod:`~.pulse` module provides a framework to create a time-dependent Hamiltonian of the form

.. math:: H(p, t) = H_\text{drift} + \sum_j f_j(p, t) H_j

with constant operators :math:`H_j` and scalar functions :math:`f_j(p, t)` that may depend on
parameters :math:`p` and time :math:`t`.

Defining a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` requires coefficients and operators. In the example below, we define a

> Hamiltonian with a single drift term, and two parametrized terms.

Reviewer 2: Super nit-picky: it sounds like the following code cell would create the Hamiltonian, but then only the cell after that actually creates it. Really minor, though.

    have to come before parametrized terms to prevent discrepancy in the wire order.
    When passing parameters, ensure that the order of the coefficient functions and
    the order of the parameters match.

Convenience functions for building a ParametrizedHamiltonian
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following convenience functions currently are available in PennyLane to assist in creating coefficient functions
for a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`:

:html:`<div class="summary-table">`

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    ~pennylane.pulse.constant
    ~pennylane.pulse.pwc
    ~pennylane.pulse.pwc_from_function
    ~pennylane.pulse.rect

:html:`</div>`

Further examples
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A few additional examples of defining a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` are provided here.

Here we use :func:`~.rect` to create a parametrized coefficient that has a value of ``0`` outside the time interval
``t=(1, 7)``, and is defined by ``jnp.polyval(p, t)`` within the interval:

.. figure:: ../../doc/_static/pulse/rect_example.png
            :align: center
            :width: 60%

>             :target: javascript:void(0);

Reviewer 2: Niiiice :)

This can be used to create a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` in the following way:

.. code-block:: python

>     def f(p, t):
>         return jnp.polyval(p, t)
>     H = qml.pulse.rect(f, windows=[(1, 7)]) * qml.PauliX(0)

Reviewer 2: Does the following work?
```suggestion
    H = qml.pulse.rect(jnp.polyval, windows=[(1, 7)]) * qml.PauliX(0)
```

    # inside the window
    >>> H([3], t=2)
    2.7278921604156494*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

    # outside the window

>     H([3], t=0.5 )
>     >>> 0.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    >>> H([3], t=0.5 )
    0.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))
```

The function :func:`~.pwc` can be used to create a parametrized coefficient function that is piecewise constant
within the interval ``t``, and 0 outside of it. When creating the callable, only the timespan is passed. The number
of bins and values for the parameters are set when ``params`` is passed to the callable.

.. figure:: ../../doc/_static/pulse/pwc_example.png
            :align: center
            :width: 60%

>             :target: javascript:void(0);

Reviewer 2: The plot legend says that the window is (3,8) but it seems to be (2, 7) :)

.. code-block:: python

    from pennylane.pulse.convenience_functions import pwc

    f1 = pwc(timespan=(2, 7))
    H = f1 * qml.PauliX(0)

    # passing pwc((2, 7)) an array evenly distributes the array values in the interval t=2 to t=7
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=2.3)
    >>> 1.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

    # different time, same bin, same result
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=2.5)
    >>> 1.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

    # next bin
    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=3.1)
    >>> 2.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

>     # outside the window where the function is assigned non-zero values

Reviewer 2: This reads a bit ambiguously, I think: 
- outside the window in which the function is assigned non-zero values, or
- outside the window, where the function is assigned non-zero values (the opposite in meaning).
Again, a very minor thing, as the intended meaning is clear from the context and code.

    H(params=[[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]], t=8)
    >>> 0.0*(PauliX(wires=[0]))

ParametrizedEvolution
---------------------
During a pulse sequence spanning time :math:`(t_0, t_1)`, the state evolves according to the time-dependent Schrodinger equation

.. math:: \frac{\partial}{\partial t} |\psi\rangle = -i H(t) |\psi\rangle

realizing a unitary evolution :math:`U(t_0, t_1)` of the input state, i.e.

.. math:: |\psi(t_1)\rangle = U(t_0, t_1) |\psi(t_0)\rangle

A :class:`~.ParametrizedEvolution` is this solution :math:`U(t_0, t_1)` to the time-dependent
Schrodinger equation for a :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian`.

.. note::
    The :class:`~.ParametrizedHamiltonian` must be Hermitian at all times. This is not explicitly

>     checked; ensuring a correctly defined Hamiltonian is the responsibility of the user.

Reviewer 2: Feels a bit funny to talk to a user about "the user" :D

will be ``params1 + params2``.

.. code-block:: python

    import jax

    dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=3)

    @jax.jit
    @qml.qnode(dev, interface="jax")
    def circuit(params):
        qml.evolve(H1 + H2)(params, t=[0, 10])
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0) @ qml.PauliZ(1) @ qml.PauliZ(2))

    params = jnp.array([1., 2., 3., 4., 5., 6.])
    circuit(params)
    >>> Array(-0.78236955, dtype=float32)

We can use the decorator ``jax.jit`` to compile this execution just-in-time. This means the first execution
will typically take a little longer with the benefit that all following executions will be significantly faster.
JIT-compiling is optional, and one can remove the decorator when only single executions are of interest. See the
``jax`` docs on jitting for more information.

.. warning::
    In the example above, we want to find the simultaneous evolution of the two operators, so it is important
    that ``H1`` and ``H2`` are included in the same :func:`~.functions.evolve`.
    For non-commuting operations, applying ``qml.evolve(H1)(params, t=[0, 10])`` followed by

>     ``qml.evolve(H2)(params, t=[0, 10])`` will NOT apply the two pulses simultaneously, despite the overlapping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``qml.evolve(H2)(params, t=[0, 10])`` will **not** apply the two pulses simultaneously, despite the overlapping
```

Reviewer 2: For consistency with the rest of the overview :)
